README.md, before:

## Page Coming Soon

You can use the [editor on GitHub](https://github.com/iRonJ/iRonJ.github.io/edit/main/README.md) to maintain and preview the content for your website in Markdown files.

Whenever you commit to this repository, GitHub Pages will run [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) to rebuild the pages in your site, from the content in your Markdown files.

### Markdown

Markdown is a lightweight and easy-to-use syntax for styling your writing. It includes conventions for

```markdown
Syntax highlighted code block

# Header 1
## Header 2
### Header 3

- Bulleted
- List

1. Numbered
2. List

**Bold** and _Italic_ and `Code` text

[Link](url) and ![Image](src)
```

For more details see [Basic writing and formatting syntax](https://docs.github.com/en/github/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax).

### Jekyll Themes

Your Pages site will use the layout and styles from the Jekyll theme you have selected in your [repository settings](https://github.com/iRonJ/iRonJ.github.io/settings/pages). The name of this theme is saved in the Jekyll `_config.yml` configuration file.

### Support or Contact

Having trouble with Pages? Check out our [documentation](https://docs.github.com/categories/github-pages-basics/) or [contact support](https://support.github.com/contact) and we’ll help you sort it out.

Commit message:

create new layout; basic rebranding

README.md, after:

# Mediumish - Jekyll Theme

[Live Demo](https://wowthemesnet.github.io/mediumish-theme-jekyll/) &nbsp; | &nbsp; [Download](https://github.com/wowthemesnet/mediumish-theme-jekyll/archive/master.zip) &nbsp; | &nbsp; [Documentation](https://bootstrapstarter.com/template-mediumish-bootstrap-jekyll/) &nbsp; | &nbsp; [Buy me a coffee](https://www.wowthemes.net/donate/)

![mediumish](assets/images/mediumish-jekyll-template.png)


### Copyright

Copyright (C) 2019 Sal, https://www.wowthemes.net

**Mediumish for Jekyll** is designed and developed by [Sal](https://www.wowthemes.net) and it is *free* under MIT license. 

<a href="https://www.wowthemes.net/donate/" target="_blank"><img src="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/assets/img/custom_images/orange_img.png" alt="Buy Me A Coffee" style="height: auto !important;width: auto !important;" ></a>

### Contribute

1. [Fork the repo](https://github.com/wowthemesnet/mediumish-theme-jekyll).
2. Clone a copy of your fork on your local
3. Create a branch off of master and give it a meaningful name (e.g. my-new-mediumish-feature).
4. Make necessary changes, commit, push and open a pull request on GitHub.

Thank you!
